others Kevin with gather magic Omri the
wrap-up video for our play on a budget
with our heart and scales deck not the
greatest showing well actually terrible
showing with a known for record but I I
did like this deck it's a very fun deck
it had some cool synergies and uh maybe
maybe going more than heroic route with
the instead of a personal the Pantheon
you can go first turn a favorite hoplite
and then putting more like God's
willings and might be the right route to
go instead of like it Johnny's pride me
and you can still use kind of the
chronic chronicler of heroes and fleece
mainline strategy because we did seem to
get just blown out by any sort of
removal and those type of like more
God's willings more with with a feat of
resistance might be the the difference
of and it has good synergy with hardened
scales too if you're doing on a heroic
like God's willing makes the favored
hoplite gain two counters instead of one
and the favorite hoplite becomes a a
threat quite fast and then you could go
the fabled hero it'd be a lot similar to
my UI heroic are my yeah my UI heroic
play on a budget deck that I made and
the model why hero up deck that I made
so I've kind of really overdone that and
i want to show something different go a
different route so that again is
extremely fun extremely synergistic
didn't didn't do very well i think a lot
of those games though could have gone
either way if we would have drawn into
that pivotable third or fourth land drop
getting stuck on on the lands with like
a four drop in hand in three lands or
vice versa having that that comes to
plate a plans when they need to you know
stick a first turns over the pantheon
really cost us a lot of those games so
all in all let me know what you think
about the deck what you think about what
you'd put in the sideboard i I the deck
is pretty resilient to again fita
resistance if we would drawn to that a
lot of those games if we had a feat of
resistance in the in the inner in our
hand it would have been a blowout in
response like hero's downfall we didn't
get to see against like a boss sly or a
Jessica mid-range which is really what I
built the stock deck for we didn't get
to see the assault I control which i
think is our absolute worst match of it
actually did pretty decent against that
deck other that was a villainous wealth
deck instead of the the normal pearl
lake ancient type type strategy so in
the comment section let me know what you
put in this has been
with gathering magic com thanks for
watching